Hello everyone and welcome to the lecture on special case interview questions.
So these questions won't apply to everyone.
It's only practice the ones you feel apply to you personally.
Again after each question posited an attempt to answer if you feel the question applies to you after
that will give you some general advice on how to approach that particular question.
So let's get started.
First question is how do you explain the gaps that appear in your resume.
Go ahead and pause the video now.
OK so if you have long breaks unemployment or a number of gaps you should prepare a brief and credible
response.
Make sure you're able to convince the interviewer that you won't be moving on to a new job soon after
taking this one.
The next question is Why has it taken you so long to find work.
Go ahead and post the video now.
All right.
So you want to provide a short concise account of why you've been out of work.
And be sure the interviewer knows that you've been working on yourself.
Your skill set and your career.
While you've been out of a job.
Next question is Have you ever been fired.
Go ahead and pause the video now if possible.
You want to avoid answering this in the affirmative.
Try using the terms layoff downsizing restructuring and so on.
If there's no clear way around it the best approach is to be honest and show humility.
Take responsibility.
Now the question is how many positions have you applied for GO him.
Pause the video now.
All right.
So this question usually is just so the interviewer can get a better idea of how motivated you are and
how close you are in making a decision.
Try to avoid giving an exact number unless you feel it can gain leverage from it.
Otherwise just refrain from specifics and that's it.
Good job.
That concludes this section of the course.
Then the next section of the Course will discuss Post interview tactics such as salary negotiations
and answering questions about your salary.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.